[CONTENT] Publish the announcement of Hermes Belusca full-time hiring (#121)
reactos/web-content: content/project-news/hermes-belusca-hired-full-time.md

---

> title:       "Hermès BÉLUSCA - MAÏTO hired full-time to work on the ReactOS GUI Setup"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:       "Hermès Bélusca-Maïto hired full-time to work on the ReactOS GUI Setup"
```

author:      "GeoB99"
date:        2023-09-28
---

> Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès BÉLUSCA - MAÏTO to work full-time on the ReactOS GUI Setup for the next 3 months.

Reviewer 2: You may want to use international casing for his name instead of French casing, but it's also up to Hermes :)

> Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès BÉLUSCA - MAÏTO to work full-time on the ReactOS GUI Setup for the next 3 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès Bélusca-Maïto to work full-time on the ReactOS GUI Setup for the next 4 months.
```
Besides the casing, I've adjusted the duration here for "4" months. I based myself on what was agreed (see ros-priv emails), namely 5 months starting on beginning september, and here in the announcement I removed 1 month because that month will expire by the time this announcement is published :)

Please tell me whether you want to re-adjust the sentence so that it instead says, that I've started on September 2, and that the duration of the contract is 5 months.
In that case, that sentence could read:
```suggestion
Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès Bélusca-Maïto to work full-time on the ReactOS GUI Setup for the next 5 months, starting September 2, 2023.
```

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest to include the start date and make it 5 months, because it better reflects the actual status.

Hermès is a long-time contributor and developer who worked on the project since 2012.

> He has several skills and expertise into various components of ReactOS, notably being the Client/Server Runtime Subsystem (CSRSS), Console Server Subsystem, NTVDM, and others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
He has several skills and expertise into various components of ReactOS, notably being the Client/Server Runtime Subsystem (CSRSS), Console Server Subsystem (CONSRV), NTVDM, and others.
```

> His upcoming goal is to finish the first-stage ReactOS GUI Setup, that offers an alternative to the classic first-stage text-mode setup (or also called USETUP).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
His upcoming goal is to finish the first-stage ReactOS GUI setup, which offers an alternative to the classic first-stage text-mode setup (also called USETUP).
```

Currently the only option to install ReactOS is through the text-mode setup, with the rest of the setup installation being handled after the second-stage setup.

> This has been and still is the standard method of installing ReactOS on a VM or hardware since the inception of the project.

Reviewer 5: This currently is the primary method of installing ReactOS On a VM

Reviewer 6: I wouldn't strip the "on hardware" here. It's not that a severe overstatement as we used to dare in earlier announcements. ;-)

Reviewer 5: The biggest point was “this has been and still is the standard…” sounds a little odd. But yes for sure don’t strip out the hardware mention

> This has been and still is the standard method of installing ReactOS on a VM or hardware since the inception of the project.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This has been the standard method of installing ReactOS on virtual machines or bare metal since the inception of the project.
```

His roadmap for the GUI Setup is as follows:

* Finish partial-Winesync of setupapi.dll regarding CAB-file extraction;

> * Move FreeLdr installation choice step after the ROS disk/partition-choice step and **JUST** before the actual installation;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Move the FreeLdr bootloader installation choice step after the ROS disk/partition-choice step and **JUST** before the actual installation;
```

* Integrate registry settings callbacks (currently absent in the GUI setup);
* Add GPT support for the GUI Setup;
* Miscellaneous stuff (further cleanup, some refactorings, etc).

> More information can be found [here](https://reactos.org/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More information can be found [here](/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup).
```
Relative links are shorter :)

> With your donations we are able to finance his full-time paid contract and the ReactOS Team is very thankful for your donations.

Reviewer 5: With the help of the donations of the community, we were able to finance his full-time paid contract.

Reviewer 4: Or "With the help of donations from the community, we were able to finance his full-time paid contract. The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations."

> More information can be found [here](/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup) and the work sheet [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Kx80SmSkj1IdomVC9gcbA_MJ7XFiz_YlYYVxoxv-Jgs/edit#gid=538572214).

Reviewer 7: > More information can be found [here](/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup)

Maybe put that first in the blog post to introduce the 1st Stage GUI Setup. It may be new to many people.
Only after reading this, people can really understand Hermès' roadmap and why the mentioned issues are the logical next steps.

> The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations!

Reviewer 2: Maybe add something here like "Stay tuned, the progress of this work will be followed by the blog posts by Hermès".

> With your help and support we can make this possible hiring more full-time paid developers to boost ReactOS development!

Reviewer 5: With your continued help, ReactOS development can be boosted by hiring more full-time paid developers!

> The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations, and stay tuned, the progress of this work will be followed by the blog posts by Hermès!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations. Stay tuned, the progress of this work will be followed by new blog posts from Hermès!
```

> The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations and tay tuned, the progress of this work will be followed by the blog posts by Hermès!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ReactOS team is very thankful for your donations, and stay tuned, the progress of this work will be followed by the blog posts by Hermès!
```

---
title:       "Hermès Bélusca-Maïto hired full-time to work on the ReactOS GUI Setup"
author:      "GeoB99"
date:        2023-09-28
---

> Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès Bélusca-Maïto to work full-time on the ReactOS GUI Setup for the next 5 months, starting September 2, 2023.
> More information about this component can be found [here](/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our team proudly announces that ReactOS Deutschland e.V. has hired Hermès Bélusca-Maïto to work full-time on the [ReactOS GUI Setup](/wiki/First_Stage_GUI_Setup) for the next 5 months, starting September 2, 2023.
```
^ could be shortened this way
